>> Sarah Drasner: All right,
the first thing we're gonna talk about
is directives and data rendering.
If you come from an Angular background, a
lot of this stuff will be review for you.
And especially if you've worked with some
of the previous frameworks that people
were talking about earlier today,
a lot of this stuff will look
familiar to you because Vue borrows
from a lot of those other areas.
But the directives are super powerful and
so we gonna start there and we're also
gonna talk a little bit about Mustache
template and using data in a Vue Instance.
So just in case somebody skipped over
the introduction because I skipped
the introduction sometimes here
is the [LAUGH] GitHub Repo again,
the Vue DevTool and
the Codepen collection.
All right, let's do an intro and
the Vue Instance.
We're gonna do a much longer deep dive
into the Vue Instance a little bit
later on.
But for now, what I'd love for
you to see here is that,
in order to create this pen,
what we have here is div id app.
And then we have mustache templates
that say text, nice to meet Vue.
And then we've got in
our JavaScript tab here,
new Vue and
the element that we're using is app,
which establishes a relationship
with this div id = app.
You can call that whatever you want,
like I could call it like robotface here,
and
then robotface over here,
and that would still work.
All the styling fell off of it,
but you kinda get the picture.
Then, we have this data object.
That data object is what we're using in
the Vue Instance to manage the state of
the application.
So things that we need to adjust,
part of the reactivity system which
we're gonna delve into later on.
But really all you need to know for now is
that this text establishes a relationship
in the HTML outputted through
this mustache template tags and
that string will then be
outputted there as well.
So it establishes a relationship
between this mustache tags and
that hello world and that's really all
you need in order to, To get going.
If you wanted to just use Vue in
an HTML application, you could.
You have a lot of strength when
you use a whole build process.
But for the first part of this, I'm gonna
show you how we're gonna use it in HTML,
CSS, and
JavaScript without doing a build process.
Because sometimes you wanna incrementally
adopt the framework before you like sell
yourself on the farm.
And, yes, go ahead.
>> Speaker 2: Just a quick question
where you're assigning the element,
I'm assuming that can be
any CSS type selector?
>> Sarah Drasner: Yes, it can, absolutely.
I typically use IDs because you
only want one instance of that but
it can be anything that you like.
So sometimes we incrementally
adopt frameworks,
especially because not many of us are just
starting a website from scratch, right?
So if you need to do that,
you can do that with Vue.
One more thing I wanted to
show you in this example.
So if we have this Hello World and
I opened it in the debug window.
I can go over to my Vue Inspector, and
then click on this Root, and
see that text over here.
So if I'm looking at it in
the Vue DevTools, what I will see,
instead of seeing all of
the elements like you see over here.
That's like all of that outputted
elements and bill elements for the page.
We have in the Vue DevTools
exactly what's going on, so
that root is that Vue Instance itself and
we see that text in the Hello World.
>> Speaker 2: This is so cool.